ruler: add support for remote rule evaluation over HTTP (#11415)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/run-production-environment/production-tips/index.md

To configure gRPC compression, use the following CLI flags or their YAML equivalents. The accepted values are
`snappy` and `gzip`. If you set the flag to an empty string (`''`), it explicitly disables compression.

| CLI flag                                                         | YAML option                                                |
| ---------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `-query-frontend.grpc-client-config.grpc-compression`            | `alertmanager.alertmanager_client.grpc_compression`        |
| `-query-scheduler.grpc-client-config.grpc-compression`           | `frontend.grpc_client_config.grpc_compression`             |
| `-ruler.client.grpc-compression`                                 | `frontend_worker.grpc_client_config.grpc_compression`      |

> | `-ruler.query-frontend.grpc-client-config.grpc-compression` [^1] | `ingester_client.grpc_client_config.grpc_compression`      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `-ruler.query-frontend.grpc-client-config.grpc-compression` | `ingester_client.grpc_client_config.grpc_compression`      |
```

| `-alertmanager.alertmanager-client.grpc-compression`             | `query_scheduler.grpc_client_config.grpc_compression`      |
| `-ingester.client.grpc-compression`                              | `ruler.query_frontend.grpc_client_config.grpc_compression` |

> [^1] Only applicable when the ruler uses gRPC to communicate with the query-frontend. See [Remote ruler mode](../../../references/architecture/components/ruler/#remote-over-http-https).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< admonition type="note" >}}
`-ruler.query-frontend.grpc-client-config.grpc-compression` is only applicable when the ruler uses gRPC to communicate with the query-frontend. Refer to [Remote ruler mode](../../../references/architecture/components/ruler/#remote-over-http-https).
{{< /admonition >}}
```

Reviewer: Would you mind removing the footnote here and instead formatting it as a note? Footnotes can present accessibility challenges.
